# Fianl Motivation Statement

According to my previous motivation, I raise an idea in 7 in 7 projects, which is “Swimming Pool for Children”. This is my first attempt to deal with the critical question I care about, marine life protection. In this project, I mainly concentrated on improving the life quality of the marine creatures in amusement park, since they have to live in a limited, enclosed space. And also I want to add some interactive activities to children’s visiting experience. In this way, I designed this prototype to create a space for children and fishes to swim together without any real physical touch. So after finishing the sketch of this one, my design motivation had been refined and turned to be more detailed and targeted, about balancing the teaching and entertainment of the aquarium. 

However, because of the recent epidemic and its features, fish had been repeatedly become the source of infection. So I adjusted the target from aquarium to art gallery. From the aspect of my own learning experience, my major in undergraduate period is Creative Industry Management, so I had taken courses and assignments in areas like curation design and exhibition management. So at that time I realized that there was such a big misunderstanding between curators and audiences. Most well-designed content fails to reach the audience, because the information provided is too much for laymen and lack of interest and interaction just like aquarium. We stare at the still paintings hanging on the wall, just like watching the fish blocked from swimming in a fish tank.

Indeed I have criticized the phenomenon of treating gallery just as a background for taking photos a little in my final presentation, but I have to admit that it also motivates me a little. At least in the past, we are only told to observing those famous artwork, and taking photos is a beginning of new interactive behavior. And more importantly, it informs me that audiences have strong willing to establish individual connection with those common wealth of mankind.  And also there is a trend to designing virtual exhibitions online because many galleries and museums around the world are forced to shut down. Virtual space does not have advantages in the traditional way, because audiences will be less likely to concentrate. But truly this technique does a better job in interaction, which strongly motivate me to design a virtual gallery as my final work.

So in the future, I hope more and more people who have no knowledge reserves but eager to enter this field can use my work. And in my expectation, they can derive different emotions and satisfaction in different interacting stages. In the fist stage, audiences cannot see the overview of the canvas but only a small part through the spotlight. This process is more like exploring rather than just observing. There is always something invisible, so alway feel curious and be driven to explore more. In the second stage, audience can decide to pick out 3 pieces at most. I set restrictions here so they are guided to observe more carefully and make comparison, then get their customized card. I hope audience can derive a sense of ownership. Instead of owning the original work by shouting sky-high prices at auctions, which is out of reach for most people, audience can possess a small part. 

Just as I have mentioned in the upper paragraph, I prefer to use light and shadow to build my frame. In the research period, I found out many precedents that rely on light and shadow to control audiences` attention or delivering concepts. For instance, a work called “Call Waiting” from James Turrell created a Ganzfeld field. Viewers are guided to lie in a cell fulled with homogenous light and most of them can lose sense of balance after staying in there for a period. This tests the effect that light can have on physical body. Another designer, Katzberg used a work called “Air-Launched Anti-Radar Missile” to demonstrate his utilization of shadow frame. In this context, the concepts of light as peace and shadow as war are embedded in. But for me, I have a wider view. I hope that my work can help develop a new consciousness for audiences that light and shadow as frame can turn to be a fixed tools. When the audiences want to get rid of the negative influence of other elements from overview and just want to observe a certain point carefully, they will habitually think of this tool can help them do this.
