# 7 in 7 - Post Mortem

## Guiding Questions

### Is there an emergent direction in the works? What compelled you do these projects?

My basic direction is to explore how to optimize communication between audiences and things beside. I just have some preliminary ideas like manipulating vision and augment visual effect.

I apply this exploration in art exhibition in my day1 prototype. I always think that many works of art, especially those that no longer take realism as core purpose, are hard for outsiders to understand.  Concentrating on one obtrusive features might be a solution worth trying. So I choose Edgar Degas, who is well know for his ballet series and revolutionary arrangement. His abnormal arrangement brings an extended sense and I want to use the contrast between shadow and light to stress this. My childhood memory of going forward in the basement with a flashlight also contribute to this prototype a lot.

My day2 prototype is the one connected with my motivation statement, which is an attempt to bringing the experience of swimming together with marine creature to children. Actually this experience is not real and rely on just visual effect: children can see the fish swimming around and try to touch them through the glass. This prototype has similarity with day1 prototype, which both want to strengthen interacting and amusing effect to exhibition.

The day3 prototype is a scheme to solve the problem of controlling light direction of lamp. In my dormitory, I need lamp to light my table top or laptop or other things. So I hope my lamp to be flexible. I know that many lamps have bendable handles but I want to come up with more interesting ideas. Lego is a popular but also personal toy and I want to give my lamp the feature that it can be assembled at will. 

The day4 prototype more comes from a whim. My professor in another selective courses distributed this device to us and introduced and introduced us to the technical content behind, which is truly advanced. So I am curious that except from documenting air quality data in real time, what else can be done? Basically I just want to better use this it.

The day5 prototype is for overcoming Thalassophobia. This psychological problem attracts me a lot since it can even be stimulated by just seeing related photos. At the same time, in its discussion group, people with this symptom keen to share this kind of photos. So in this case, I am wondering whether the visual sense can stimulate or cure this disease. 

A question about frame force me to make day6 prototype. In many film and television works, I can see a certain character who appears to be normal and featureless, but suddenly have a special charm. In this prototype, I mainly explore the influence of different kinds of frame, and compared the same scenes, one with frame one without frame, to study the result.

In day7 prototype, what I want to do is to concretize the abstract concept of impression. Then I further dig out what is highly related with impression, and my answer is color matching. Besides, the color extract can also be used to apply to wider range of items. In this way, color matching is not a work exclusively for designers, but also invite audiences to customize their own. I find this interesting and this is my motivation for making this prototype.

### Is there a project that you like the most? Does this project present opportunity for unique contribution? How is your own work situated within precedents and other communities of practice?

My favorite work is day2 prototype, which I think best fits my original designing incentives. And also it means the unique contribution that I want to make to this field. 

From the aquarium design part, I have searched for examples and divide them into two categories according to their location. One is at home, quite similar to a small scale artificial landscape. Usually they are placed in living room as a kind of special items worth showing off. Of course there are some more special cases, like the aquarium can be mounted on the wall, which makes it looks like a 3D mural. The works under this category give me a feeling of being far away from them, even when they are just in my bedroom. In other words, they focus on showing ornamental which is likely to be unattractive to children. 

As for another type of aquarium, they are usually in sea world or amusement park. The fish tank here are have shocking size, occupying a wall or even an entire exhibition hall. And the overall light is very dim. Maybe they are aimed to imitate a deep sea feeling. This width and height can give audiences a sense of oppression, which accord with the real temperament of ocean. But in my view, this environment might be unaffordable for children since they are shorter in stature.

In order to make my own progress, I visited some clubs where children learn to swim and memorized children’s area of many water parks I have visited before. Finally I can conclude that children are all put into a small, shallow and inflatable swimming pool, with many plastic toys in it. Frankly speaking, I am not a child anymore so my understanding of their feelings may be a bit biased, but I indeed also have the childhood memory of sitting in a small bathtub with plastic fish and plastic duck. At that time, taking a bath was something I look forward to, because I can play with these toys while playing in the water. For children, taking a bath might have not many differences with swimming. 

Anyway, I want to make visiting those marine creatures a thing that goes in sync with swimming. At this stage these two activities are separated in entertainment places. But I have read some books about stories of senior divers, who have encountered the migration of whales and swum together with them. And they reach an agreement that such experience can even be a chance lifetime, because they heart connected with them. Thus the unique contribution I might make here is make this kind of experience accessible even for the children who are short in physical strength and know nothing about ocean. 

### Does this work critically engage with any societal contexts? Why/why not? What are the ramifications of your work on society? What would your audience question themselves after looking at your work?

First of all, there is an obvious area that I can improve on the whole. My explanation for each project is not enough, which is highly likely to cause misunderstanding especially when it is just in prototype stage. For instance in my project4, I have only said that this device and its data inspired me. But actually, the more accurate reason is that the professor instructed us to analyze the dynamic changes of the data combined with the behavior of the day. In this process, I figured out that the data diagram can be used to reversely speculate what happen in certain room. As for my day5 project, my prototype is aimed at establishing the scene that can stimulate Thalassophobia, which includes a small man immersed in deep water. This prototype is a medium for audiences to share common pain. So I need to collect their feedbacks after watching. How to explain the meaning of my prototype and the thinking process behind clearly and methodically is always a question that puzzles me a lot.

I like my day2 project for most, but it really need to be improve in audience aspect. My basic idea derives from children bathtub, which indeed can bring joy for them. However, after applying some distortions, I am not be 100 percent sure that they can still get equal happiness. I can’t draw conclusions subjectively that because they like plastic toys for fish and they will definitely like real fish. Some tests needed to be designed and my prototype in this stage is too simple. I choose to use waterbacth experiment as prototype only because they have analogous structure and can be used to deliver my concepts. But if I want to invite children to join in as audiences, at least the scale need to be enlarged. I have thought about using an inflatable bathtub to represent the inner part, and put it in the middle of a larger transparent container. Just like the floating water breakfast provided by some hotels. Then the problem is how to get suitable marine creatures? Maybe AR technique can be used to imitate swimming fish and I plan to test its effect when used underwater.

I also want to adjust the conceptual model of day7 project. The prototype positioning I set for it at the beginning was a color palette. At that time I only thought of extracting colors, but I did not make clear about what to do with colors. Now I think extracting color from personal impression can be a good way to customize things needed. So I plan to turn it to an App used for communication between designers and customers. Users can use the scanning function inside to scan their personal items, and the extracting color process will be operated as technique behind. After users pick out the suitable color combination from it, the results will be sent to the designer. 

At the very beginning of conceiving this work, I did not thought of criticizing any social problems. But there is an underlying idea behind, which is controlling the distance between human and other creatures. What I refer to is not those wild animals, and I am not talking about calling for things like not to encroach on their habitats. What I care about are those animals trapped in human society for various reasons and what I want to deliver is that we also need to control our distance with them.

In this modern era, people in many regions no longer have to be fully occupied by economical problems. But instead, we start to complain about indifference and alienation. So there is a trend to develop activities around animals. Because many of them are adorable in appearance but they don’t have overly complicated human mental activities. People might choose to raise a pet, share their photos and images on social platform, open cafe with cats and dogs, or visit zoo and aquarium regularly. 

But according to relative news and my own observation, people are more likely to express their desire to control on those animals. In CC Lecture and Design for Century, I have read some articles that state some negative effects that robots can bring to human society. Robots are designed to obey human order and satisfy human needs. In this process, human become more and more powerful, which can facilitate our desire to control. This kind of request have been oppressed since the abolishment of helotism, but now robot turn to be new slaves. They do not have soul and emotion, so we cannot talk about infringement of their rights. 

But I think pets and other animals raised in human society are also be placed into similar position. Those small creatures are fragile theirselves, and even those predator in food chain are also helpless and in front of specific institution and advanced technology. Children can also ravage a cat or a dolphin because they don’t know how to control strength. Our reason for defending zoos and aquariums is that they play an important role in popular science, or something like that we protect them from harsh environment and natural enemies. But it is obvious that entertainment takes a larger proportion, and being exposed to disturbing visitors everyday can cause serious mental problem. 

Here, glass is very useful material. It is transparent, so we can see what we want to see and satisfy our curiosity. But at the same time, it can be so firm that can separate two sides forcefully. Children and marine creatures cannot hurt both sides and they are both under protection. This is also my idea. I hope the two sides can meet occasionally, but they won’t cause harm because of the deep intersection. It’s as if they’re in parallel time and space, they don’t really touch each other. As children grow older, they have a more mature heart and richer knowledge to support them have real close contact. 

### How does the framing of a project, its context, scope, and parameters, determine the content created? What is the relationship between concept and execution?

According to my seven days of exploration and experience, I assume that the framing of project can shape the final content to some extent. Take my day2 project as an example, I think its parameters are highly related with the final content. I roughly estimated the types of parameters that need to be considered, which includes the scale of outside aquarium and the inner swimming pool, the types and amount of marine creatures and so on. If the outside aquarium is much bigger than the inside pool, there will still have a feeling of being far away and even sense of constriction. But if the two are similar in size, the fish in it cannot have comfortable habitat and children can see the outside world directly through the glass, which may prevent children from immersing themselves in the underwater world. All in all, the relative size of the two parts is very important and the both sides of effects just stay at the stage of guessing. Another part is about the inner layout of the aquarium. If I want it to seabed world, it is also necessary to consider whether adding sands, rocks, seaweed and other elements. If I want to take a further step and set different themes for aquarium, I can also refer to various representative seabed landforms. Then it is time to consider how to change themes freely. Then I open my thought, marine creatures are real as long as they can adapt to this special aquarium. But the exact environment layout can be virtual, like being demonstrated by projection or other techniques, so there is bigger space for imagination.

As for the relationship between concept and execution, it cannot be easily conclude with certain definition. In some of my projects, concept can guide the exact execution. Like in the frame project, my concept is to figure out the influence of adding frame to the same scene. So in the process of execution, I try to set having border or not as my single variable in comparison. And I make different frame in my prototype is also to exclude the unwanted variable, which is frame type. However, on the hand, there are also special cases in which the execution process help to polish the design concept reversely. In my day7 project, my concept was only to extract impression color at first. But after getting a color palette, I feel that it is quite similar to the color combination I have searched on specific website for my other projects. So now I change my mind. I do not want to just stop at the color palette but to think about what and how it can be further used. Honestly speaking, this kind of order is totally out of my expectation. But maybe it’s because my previous ideas are mainly from previous memories, purely spontaneous brain activity. In the actual implement process, even it is not for final result but only for a rough prototype, I felt myself be driven by making it and the small results at different stages are constantly enlightening me. 

### What would you improve and why? Don't focus on the technical aspects but more on your conceptual refinement, audience (how they would perceive), iterations needed or testing of assumptions. 

First of all, there is an obvious area that I can improve on the whole. My explanation for each project is not enough, which is highly likely to cause misunderstanding especially when it is just in prototype stage. For instance in my project4, I have only said that this device and its data inspired me. But actually, the more accurate reason is that the professor instructed us to analyze the dynamic changes of the data combined with the behavior of the day. In this process, I figured out that the data diagram can be used to reversely speculate what happen in certain room. As for my day5 project, my prototype is aimed at establishing the scene that can stimulate Thalassophobia, which includes a small man immersed in deep water. This prototype is a medium for audiences to share common pain. So I need to collect their feedbacks after watching. How to explain the meaning of my prototype and the thinking process behind clearly and methodically is always a question that puzzles me a lot.

I like my day2 project for most, but it really need to be improve in audience aspect. My basic idea derives from children bathtub, which indeed can bring joy for them. However, after applying some distortions, I am not be 100 percent sure that they can still get equal happiness. I can’t draw conclusions subjectively that because they like plastic toys for fish and they will definitely like real fish. Some tests needed to be designed and my prototype in this stage is too simple. I choose to use waterbacth experiment as prototype only because they have analogous structure and can be used to deliver my concepts. But if I want to invite children to join in as audiences, at least the scale need to be enlarged. I have thought about using an inflatable bathtub to represent the inner part, and put it in the middle of a larger transparent container. Just like the floating water breakfast provided by some hotels. Then the problem is how to get suitable marine creatures? Maybe AR technique can be used to imitate swimming fish and I plan to test its effect when used underwater.

I also want to adjust the conceptual model of day7 project. The prototype positioning I set for it at the beginning was a color palette. At that time I only thought of extracting colors, but I did not make clear about what to do with colors. Now I think extracting color from personal impression can be a good way to customize things needed. So I plan to turn it to an App used for communication between designers and customers. Users can use the scanning function inside to scan their personal items, and the extracting color process will be operated as technique behind. After users pick out the suitable color combination from it, the results will be sent to the designer. 

