# Story for final work

About Edgar Degas, most of his audiences share a common impression on him, which is keen on depicting ballet dancers. Walking through the gallery, passing by those canvases, we can see those young, graceful and energetic limbs stretch in front of our eyes. From these paintings faintly we can even hear the laughter of girls. But for me, the more I got to know him, the more I felt that he is not only obsessed with the youthful beauty of those girls, but the vigor and vitality contained in it. Also he missed the Palais Garnier, the cultural sacred place that was once filled with audiences coming and going every day; and Paris Opera, the group that brought glory to the theater and even the French ballet world. 

Put aside those dance performers first, Degas was extremely familiar with other professions and details of this theatre. The orchestra of a ballet show is highly likely to be ignored since they are commonly viewed as supporting role. But Degas had work on them. He had depicted a portrait for his friend Désiré Dihau in the “The Orchestra at the Opera”, who was also the bassoonist for the ballet show in the background. Besides, he would also not ignore what happens in the auditorium and theatre box is a theme he had rendered several times like. This kind of seat was a prisoner case in some painters` world, but he portrayed the superior temperament of the woman sitting in it. In addition to the boxes, he also included the most crowded ordinary auditorium. He had painted for absent audiences in “The Ballet from “Robert Le Diable””, which suggested that Paris Opera had launch new ballet for a long time. In conclusion, he still maintained his own independent thinking about these theater details that he had seen over and over again.

I translate those works not only as for experiment, but also as expression of his love and enthusiasm towards this period. So definitely, the real leading role of this era, those dancing ballerinas were what he wanted to depict for most. But for some reasons, perhaps economic reasons, he had never became a subscriber for this theatre. He could observe dancers on the stage from any angle, but entering the dancing room and seeing those girls in rehearsal was impossible. 

Here are some works, like “The Curtain” and “The Ballet”, on which appeared several dark silhouette among dancers. They seems dim, disturbing uncomfortable but ubiquitous. Those were subscribers, who could appear anywhere in the theatre at any time because of huge amount of donation. I cannot help but thinking about Degas` mood when painting them. The speaker insists that Degas did not judge anything, he did not criticized this kind of behavior nor wanted to protect those girls from being harassed. But is it possible that a little jealous was hidden behind? He personally had said that what he appreciated for most was the process that those dancers honed and refined their bodies. So absolutely just seeing those wonderful show as audiences could not satisfy him. He eager to visited their dancing room behind the stage. They might not be wearing exquisite costumes and specific makeup, or even the rehearsal movements might be substandard and distorted. Girls were sweating and blushed. But that was what he really wanted to document, ballet practicing as work, as life, as growth. 

So based on the analysis and inferences of the following experts, his well-known works like “The Rehearsal”, “The Dance Class”, were combination of reality, imagination and memory. Because the spiral staircase in “The Rehearsal” actually did not exist in the real room. Degas would pay for those dancers to make different postures according to the need in his studio. “The Dance Class” is his first work that I saw, and the teacher in the middle was added in such a way. This teacher was Jules Perrot, who was almost a symbol of this theaters` golden era. Degas put him here was also a kind of reminding and encouragement. 

So I think those works are just like paste-up, but this was covered by his excellent skills. What Degas had were his personal relationship with those members in opera and familiarity with the building. What he lack of was the real scene. At this time I feel Degas is more clear to me. He is not a master in the past, quite distance with me, but also an ordinary people with many regrets and requests beyond competent. And more importantly, he tried his best to get close to his goal, fully utilizing the resources he had to establish that scenes on his canvas. I guess that is why he tested composition again and again in this work. He had already collected the core elements, so just need to adjust their positions to pursuit a kind of real scene. Such scene was comfort to the real theatre, real dancers, and also his personal dream and dilution. 

Another thing worth mentioning here is his eyesight. In his later creative career, Degas suffered significant vision loss so he could not get close to his goal with oil painting any more. In such bad environment, Degas turned to color crayon and sculpture, which had less requirement on vision. I admire for his strong heart insisted willing, but I am more amazed by this magical process. What he consistently pursuit for is a kind of scene, a young beautiful girl refining her body. This is not something special among artist since studying body structure is their basic work, so many of them would inevitably be attracted by the beauty of the human body, so there are so many works exploring various gestures in the ancient Greek period and the Renaissance period. But this is such a long road that his own body decayed at the end. But I have to say that he did not get far from his goal, because heart also experienced refining and honing on the way pursuing this. Now he got such reputation that his work can be exhibited in Palais Garnier. This building had many restrictions on him before he was alive. After his death, his works could be displayed anywhere here, let more people know his path of pursuit. So in my final work, I want to add the rehearsal room of Palais Garnier as the background.
